(DOCSP-26946): React Native Unit Test Suite (#2379)
mongodb/docs-realm: examples/reactnative/README.md

> # Realm Examples

Reviewer: To be consistent with the source/sdk/react-native, it would be nice to rename the directory to `examples/react-native`

The Realm Examples project contains unit tested JavaScript and TypeScript code examples for the
MongoDB Realm React Native SDK using @realm/react. 

This project serves as the source of truth for generated code examples in
the React Native SDK documentation.

The project uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [React Native Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-native-testing-library/intro/) to run automated tests.

## Get Started

### Install Dependencies

This project uses [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to manage dependencies. To get started, run:

```bash
npm install
```

### Run Tests

This project defines two test suites, one each for JavaScript and TypeScript, implemented as Jest
projects. To test either JS or TS code examples, run one of the following:

**TypeScript**

```bash
npm run test
```

**JavaScript**

> todo: Add JavaScript support

Reviewer: Will this be done as part of this PR or later?

Author: I've just removed this line, and changed this whole paragraph to:

### Run Tests

This project defines a unit test suite that tests both JS and TS code examples, run them via:

```bash
npm run test
```

Rather than run the tests separately with `npm run test:js` or `npm run test:ts` like we do in the Node.js unit test suite.

### Understand the Project Structure

The following diagram shows the key items in the project directory:

| Path               | Description                                                                             |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `__tests__/`        | Examples, test cases, and supporting source files. Add `.js` & `.ts` files here.        |
| `babel.config.js`  | Configuration for [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) transpilation.                           |
| `jest.config.js`   | Configuration for the [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) testing framework.                     |
| `tsconfig.json`    | Configuration for the TypeScript compiler.                                              |
| `testSetup.js`     | Setup and cleanup for the Jest tests. Runs immediately after Jest loads.                |

## Develop

### Create a New Test Case File

The file structure in `__tests__/` is intended to match the IA structure in the
React Native docs. If you're adding a new code example to an existing page, add

> an additional it/test block within the existing page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an additional it/test block within the test file corresponding to that page.
```

If you're adding a new section in the TOC of the docs, create a
new folder under `__tests__`. For each page in that section, create a test file
within the new folder.

However, if you're just adding a new page, create a new page within the relevant
subfolder of `__test__`. For example, if you're creating examples for a new page
called "read.txt" that is under the "CRUD" section of the TOC in the docs, you
should create the file `__tests__/CRUD/read.tsx|jsx`. That new file should have

> it's own describe block labelled accordingly to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its own describe block labelled accordingly to the page.
```
